Children, Jehovah wants you
to be happy and keep you safe,
but some people want to do bad things to you.
So Jehovah gives you a conscience.
It’s like an alarm system
that helps you to know right from wrong.
It will protect you from danger.
So Mommy and I
will help you test your alarm system.
Ready?
What if someone tells you something
that makes you feel uncomfortable or scares you?
What do you do?
I’m not sure, but that’s weird.
“Stop!”
Very good.
Tell them to stop it,
and you tell Mommy and Daddy.
No matter what someone tells you,
never keep a secret from us.
What if they ask you to do something
that makes you feel uncomfortable?
I would say, “No!”
You’re right, you should say, “No!” and walk away.
What if they try to touch you
where they shouldn’t?
I wouldn’t let them!
I’d get out of there!
Good, Caleb.
Even if it’s an adult you know and trust,
you should say, “No!” and run away.
And you should yell,
“Stop doing that!
I’m gonna tell on you.”
Stop doing that!
I’m gonna tell on you.
The world can be a scary place,
but you are never alone.
Remember, you have your conscience,
your mom and dad who love you,
and you have Jehovah.